README.md, before:

# LearningVIM

## What do you to know before Beginning
- It's different
- Not@Work
- Break up with your mouse
- But can it...?
- Always a better way
- Learn every week

## Download And Installation Or Update
[Downloading VIM](https://www.vim.org/download.php)

## Hack your keyboard
Remap your Capslock to Esc
- Linux: [Gnome Tweak Tools Update](https://i.stack.imgur.com/zPTPF.png)
- Windows: [Map caps lock to escape in Windows](https://vim.fandom.com/wiki/Map_caps_lock_to_escape_in_Windows)
- MAC OS: 
## Speed up your key repeat

## Get the VI/VIM Graphic Cheat Sheet

## Configuring your vim
~/.vimrc
- Version Control by git
- Steel from your friends' dotfiles
  - [mscoutermarsh](https://github.com/mscoutermarsh/dotfiles)
  - [thoughtbot](https://github.com/thoughtbot/dotfiles)
## Where to actually start learning?
- $ vimtutor
- Learning VIM while playing a game
  - [VIM-adventures](https://vim-adventures.com/)
- Watching Screen Casts

watch others use vim
  - [VimCasts](vimcasts.org)
  - [Upcase](upcase.com/vim)
## Plugins for development
- [CTRL-P](https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim)
- [NERDTree](https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree)
- [AG for Vim](https://github.com/rking/ag.vim)

Commit message:

Update Note of Learning Vim in a week

README.md, after:

# [Learning VIM in a Week](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_NUO4JEtkDw&ab_channel=thoughtbot)

## What do you to know before Beginning
- It's different
- Not@Work
- Break up with your mouse
- But can it...?
- Always a better way
- Learn every week

## Download And Installation Or Update
[Downloading VIM](https://www.vim.org/download.php)

## Hack your keyboard
Remap your Capslock to Esc
- Linux: [Gnome Tweak Tools Update](https://i.stack.imgur.com/zPTPF.png)
- Windows: [Map caps lock to escape in Windows](https://vim.fandom.com/wiki/Map_caps_lock_to_escape_in_Windows)
- MAC OS: 
## Speed up your key repeat

## Get the VI/VIM Graphic Cheat Sheet

## Configuring your vim
~/.vimrc
- Version Control by git
- Steel from your friends' dotfiles
  - [mscoutermarsh](https://github.com/mscoutermarsh/dotfiles)
  - [thoughtbot](https://github.com/thoughtbot/dotfiles)
## Where to actually start learning?
- $ vimtutor
- Learning VIM while playing a game
  - [VIM-adventures](https://vim-adventures.com/)
- Watching Screen Casts
  - [VimCasts](vimcasts.org)
  - [Upcase](upcase.com/vim)
## Plugins for development
- [CTRL-P](https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim)
- [NERDTree](https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree)
- [AG for Vim](https://github.com/rking/ag.vim)
## ONE LAST REVIEW
- Caps Lock -> ESC
- Do vimtutor
- Watch screencasts
- Steal from your friends
- Learning vim is a process!
